Replaced header image with real headings (#699)
Codecademy/docs: content/markdown/concepts/headings/headings.md

---
Title: 'Headings'

> Description: 'There are 6 heading elements in markdown. They are made with #, with 1 being the largest sized heading and 6 being the smallest. These are great for labeling different sections in a website.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description: 'Headings are markdown elements used for displaying titles, subtitles, or different sections in a website. There are six headings in total. They are made with a hash symbol, #, with 1 being the largest and 6 being the smallest.'
```

###### Heading level 6
```

> <details>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<details open>
```

I prefer if the `<details>` were already open upon page load (and then the user can collapse/expand if they want).
